Add FAQ section to README (#3)
ray-project/ray_lightning_accelerators: README.md

        
print("Best hyperparameters found were: ", analysis.best_config)
```
## FAQ
> RaySGD already has a [Pytorch Lightning integration](https://docs.ray.io/en/master/raysgd/raysgd_ptl.html). What's the difference between this integration and that?

> The key difference is which Trainer you'll be interacting with. In this library, you will still be using Pytorch Lightning's `Trainer`. You'll be able to leverage all the features of Pytorch Lightning, and Ray is used just as a backend to handle distributed training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key difference is which Trainer you'll be interacting with. In this library, you will still be using Pytorch Lightning's `Trainer`. You'll be able to leverage all the features of Pytorch Lightning, and Ray is used just as a backend to handle distributed training.
```

With RaySGD's integration, you'll be converting your `LightningModule` to be RaySGD compatible, and will be interacting with RaySGD's `TorchTrainer`. RaySGD's `TorchTrainer` is not as feature rich nor as easy to use as Pytorch Lightning's `Trainer` (no built in support for logging, early stopping, etc.). However, it does have built in support for fault-tolerant and elastic training. If these are hard requirements for you, then RaySGD's integration with PTL might be a better option.

> I see that `RayAccelerator` is based off of Pytorch Lightning's `DDPSpawnAccelerator`. However, doesn't the PTL team discourage the use of spawn?

> As discussed [here](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/51688#issuecomment-773539003), using a spawn approach instead of launch is not all that detrimental. The main factors that PTL discussed were not being able to use this in a Jupyter or Colab notebook, and not being able to use multiple workers for data loading. Neither of these should be an issue with the `RayAccelerator`. The only thing to keep in mind is that when using this accelerator, your model does have to be serializable/pickleable.

Reviewer: BTW as a more meta note, I think one thing that would help your writing is introducing more white space. It makes on-screen text much easier to read.

```suggestion
As discussed [here](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/51688#issuecomment-773539003), using a spawn approach instead of launch is not all that detrimental. The original factors for discouraging spawn were:
1. not being able to use 'spawn' in a Jupyter or Colab notebook, and 
2. not being able to use multiple workers for data loading. 

Neither of these should be an issue with the `RayAccelerator` due to Ray's serialization mechanisms. The only thing to keep in mind is that when using this accelerator, your model does have to be serializable/pickleable.
```
